Add descriptions of functions added for Inkpath (#62)
xournalpp/xournalpp.github.io: docs/guide/plugins/plugins.md

- `app.setBackgroundName` sets the name of the background layer
- `app.scaleTextElements` scales all text elements of the current layer by the given scale factor
- `app.getDisplayDpi` returns the configured display DPI
- `app.addStrokes` draws strokes on the canvas given a set of coordinates
- `app.addSplines` draws strokes on the canvas given a set of splines. The function rasterizes it, then uses the resulting series of coordinates to place the stroke on the canvas

> - `app.refreshPage` notifies autotrace of changes done by the `draw` functions, causing the strokes to appear on the canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `app.refreshPage` notifies Xournal++ of changes done by the `addStrokes` and `addSplines` functions, causing the strokes to appear on the canvas.
```

- `app.setBackgroundName` sets the name of the background layer
- `app.scaleTextElements` scales all text elements of the current layer by the given scale factor
- `app.getDisplayDpi` returns the configured display DPI

> - `app.addStroke` draws strokes on the canvas given a set of coordinates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `app.addStrokes` draws strokes on the canvas given a set of coordinates
```
